FOLKS,
THIS IS ALWAYS A PLEASURE FOR
ME.
MY FIRST GUEST TONIGHT IS A
COANCHOR OF "CBS THIS MORNING"
WHO MADE NEW THIS WEEK WITH HER
INTERVIEW OF R. KELLY.
PLEASE WELCOME BACK TO THE LATE
SHOW, OUR FRIEND GAYLE KING.
(APPLAUSE)
>> HELLO!
HELLO, STEPHEN COLBERT.
>> Stephen: THANKS FOR BEING
HERE.
>> I'M GLAD TO BE ARE HERE.
>> Stephen: THIS MORNING, YOU
HAD A BIG WEEK, THE SHOW HAD A
BIG WEEK.
EVERYBODY IS TALKING ABOUT, EVEN
MANY OF YOUR COLLEAGUES, WE HAD
WILLIE GEIST HERE TONIGHT, HE
WAS LIKE ALL HAIL GAYLE BECAUSE
YOU HAD AN AMAZING SPER VIEW
WITH R KEL'S.
>> YES, CAN I SHOW YOU WHAT
HAPPENED TO ME BACKSTAGE, IN THE
GREEN ROOM ELTON JOHN CALLED ME.
IN THE GREEN ROOM, I PICK UP THE
PHONE, I PICK UP THE PHONE T WAS
A 212 NUMBER, I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE
BUT I THOUGHT IT WAS WORK
BECAUSE WE ARE WORK ON A
SPECIAL.
I THOUGHT IT WAS WORK.
HE GOES GAYLE, IT IS ELTON HERE,
I WENT ELEVATORTON JOHN, HI,
ELTON, HE WAS TALKING TO TALK
ABOUT THE R. KELLY INTERVIEW.
JUST NOW.
>> Stephen: THAT IS NICE, HE
CALLS A LOT.
MAY I ADJUST THAT, THERE WE GO.
>> COLBERT STYLING.
>> Stephen: THAT IS WHAT I DO,
I PROVIDE THAT FOR MY GUEST.
>> I LIKE IT, I LIKE IT.
>> Jon:
>> Stephen: NOW DID YOU HAVE
ANY IDEA.
HAD YOU MET R. KELLY BEFORE.
>> I MET HIM FIVE AREAS AGO AT A
BIRTHDAY PARTY IT IS ONE OF
THOSE THINGS WHERE YOU SAY HI,
HI, HI.
I DIDN'T WANT TO BE ONE OF THOSE
GUY THRAS GOES WE MET FIVE YEARS
AGO.
I HAD NO RELATIONSHIP WITH HIM.
>> Stephen: NO IDEA WHAT TO
EXPECT, THE ENERGY.
>> YOU DID GO TO SEE HIM 15
MINUTES BEFORE THE INTERVIEW, TO
HIS APARTMENT.
SO I WENT-- TRUMP TOWER IN
CHICAGO.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
>> IN CHICAGO.
SO I WENT 15 MINUTES BEFORE TO
SAY HI.
YOU KNOW, THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR
DOING THIS.
YOU KNOW, WE WANT TO HEAR WHAT
YOU HAVE TO SAY AND LET YOU TELL
YOUR STORE HEE.
HE WAS SITTING IF SWEAT PANTS,
GOT A CHRISTMAS TREE UP IN THE
HOUSE, THAT HE KEEPS, HE HAD THE
CHRISTMAS TREE UP SINCE 1993 AS
A TRIBUTE TO HIS MOTHER.
HE LOVES HIS MOTHER.
IT WAS HER FAVORITE HOLIDAY, SHE
PASSED AWAY.
HE HAD IT UP.
IT WAS VERY HOT, HE WAS RESTING
HIS VOICEK SITTING IN SWEAT
PANTS.
I SAID WE ARE HERE.
FOR THE STORY.
HE SAID WELL, I'M READY TO TALK.
I'M GOING TO CHANGE, BECAUSE HE
HAD ON SWEATS.
I WILL PUT ON A SUIT.
I I GO YOU ARE GOING TO PUT ON A
SUIT.
>> HE SAID YEP, AND I WILL BE
DOWN.
>> BECAUSE I DIDN'T WANT HIM FOR
THE FIRST TIME TO SIT WITH HIM
LIGHTS, CAMERA, ACTION, YOU
KNOW, YOU WALK IN, FOUR CAMERAS,
LOTS OF LIGHTS.
I DIDN'T WANT IT TO BE LIKE
THAT.
>> Stephen: YOU DIDN'T WANT
HIM TO BE UNCOMFORTABLE, YOU
WANTED SOME RELATIONSHIP.
>> I DID I WANT TO AT LEAST HAVE
SAID HELLO.
>> Stephen: HE DID PUT ON A
SUIT.
>> YEAH.
>> Stephen: AND JUST ABOUT
BUSTED OUT IT.
THAT SU AND R. KELLY RIGHT
THERE.
HE IS GIVING A SPEECH TO THE
MULT TEUD AND ARE YOU-- EVERYONE
IS MARVELING, INCLUDING MYSELF
AT YOUR COMPOSE SURE IN THIS
MOMENT.
WHAT IS GOING THROUGH YOUR MIND
AT THIS MOAVMENT BECAUSE YOU
LOOK LIKE A GRAPH ENIMAGE FROM A
TEMP E89 OR SOMETHING.
>> IN IS THE THING.
I COULD SEE HIM GETTING MORE
HEATED.
HE WAS UPSET WITH ME ABOUT AM
SOV THE QUESTIONS, THAT IS OKAY.
HE WAS A LITTLE
IRSTATE-- IRRITATED.
THAT IS OKAY.
THE PICTURE WAS TAKEN BY MY
MAKEUP GUY WHO AS YOU SEE SAY
REALLY GOOD PHOTOGRAPHER.
I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW HE WAS IN THE
ROOM TAKING PICTURES.
SO WE ARE SITTING THERE, AND
LAZARUS IS SNAPPING AWAY, HE
TOOK 800 PICTURES THAT NIGHT,
THINK ABOUT THAT.
SO WHEN I SEE ROBERT GETTING
REALLY UP ET AND-- UPSET AN
STANDS OUT OF HIS SEAT, MY
INITIAL REACTION IS MY GOD,
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE, PLEASE DON'T
LEAVE, PLEASE DON'T LEAVE.
WE HAD SEEN HIM STORM OUT OF
INTERVIEWS BEFORE.
AND SO I WAS THINKING I WILL NOT
BE ABLE TO ASK MY QUESTIONS, SO
I THOUGHT WHAT CAN I DO TO SAVE
THE INTERVIEW, I THOUGHT IF I
SAT THERE QUIETLY AND MAKE EYE
CONTACT, THE MINUTE IF I STOOD
UP AND SAY CALM DOWN, YOU KNOW
WHEN YOU ARE UPSET AND SOMEONE
GOES CALM DOWN, AND YOU GO I AM
CALM SLM I FIGURED THAT WOULD BE
WORSE, I FIGURED IT I SAT THERE
QUIETLY, HE WOULD KNOW I'M'S NOT
GOING ANYWHERE AND HE WILL
FINISH WHATEVER THIS IS AND THEN
SIT BACK DOWN AND HE DID THAT.
>> Stephen: WE HAVE A CLIP.
>> IS THIS CAMERA ON ME.
Y'ALL KILLING ME WITH THIS
[BLEEP]!
>> ROBERT-- SHALL.
>> Stephen: THAT ROBERT, IT'S
NOW INSTANTLY LEGENDARY, ROBERT.
>> I KNOW.
>> Stephen: EVERYBODY WHO
FREAKS OUT AT ANYBODY FROM NOW
ON OUT, IF ANYBODY YELLS AT ME,
ANYBODY YELLS AT ME FOR THE NEXT
YEAR, I'M JUST GOING TO GO,
ROBERT.
>> STEPHEN, I.
>> I THOUGHT IF WE HAD BOTH
GOTTEN EMOTIONAL ANSWERS WHAT
WHAT WOOD GOO DOMENT YOU KNOW
WHEN SOMEBODY SAYS YOUR NAME
STRKS SOOTHING.
I WILL SAY HIS NAME, HE WILL
KNOW I AM HERE AND EVENTUALLY
SIT BACK DOWN, WHICH HE DID.
WHICH HE DID.
>> Stephen: WERE YOU AT ANY
MOMENT.
>> AFRAID?
>> Stephen: WORRIED ABOUT YOUR
SAFETY.
>> LISTEN, I NEVER THOUGHT THAT
HE WAS GOING TO HURT ME OR HIT
ME.
I NEVER EVER THOUGHT THAT.
WHAT I WAS WORE HEIED ABOUT IS
THAT HE WAS FLAILING AND HITTING
HIS FIST SO VIOLENTEDLY.
I WAS WORRIED HE WOULD
ACCIDENTALLY HIT ME.
BUT I NEVER THOUGHT HE WANTED TO
HURT ME IN ANYWAY.
AND I DON'T WANT TO
ACCIDENTEDDALLY GET HIT EITHER,
GUYS.
I DIDN'T WANT THAT.
>> Stephen: NOT AT ALL.
>> I WAS WORE HEIED ABOUT THAT.
BUT DID I THINK THAT HE WAS
GOING TO HURT ME, NO, I REALLY
DIDN'T.
SO I WASN'T AFRAID ABOUT THAT.
IF YOU COULD HAVE SEEN THE
THOUGHT BUBBLE T WOULD HAVE BEEN
U OH, PLEASE, PLES, SILT BACK
DOWN, ARE YOU LOOKING CRAZY,
PLEASE SIT BACK DOWN.
>> Stephen: YOUR FAMILY.
>> FAVORITE DAUGHTER SON, OPRAH
CALLED WE WERE VERY WORRIED.
I GUESS WHEN YOU LOOK AT THAT
PICTURE IT IS VERY MENACING.
>> Stephen: ST.
>> IT IS VERY MENACING.
>> Stephen: IT IS, YEAH.
>> BUT I REALLY WASN'T WORE
HEIED.
>> Stephen: I ADMIRE YOUR
COMPOSURE AND FOCUS.
I GET RATTLED AT THE DROP OF A
HAT.
>> THANKS.
>> Stephen: YOU ARE RATTLING
ME.
>> YEAH, RIGHT.
, YEAH.
(APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: NOW YOU HAVE
GOTTEN A LOT OF PROPS FOR THIS,
A LOT OF PRAISE FOR THIS
ACROSS-THE-BOARD FROM FELLOW
JOURNALISTS AS WELL.
WERE YOU HAPPY TO HEAR THAT FOX
NEWS JESSIE WATERS.
>> OH MY GOD.
>> Stephen: GAVE YOU PROPS.
>> OH MY GOSH, STEPHEN, I CON
BELIEVE THIS.
>> Stephen: AFTER THAT JUSSIE
SMOLLETT INTERVIEW YOU DID.
HE MISS TOOK YOU.
>> FOR ROBYN ROBERTS.
>> Stephen: YES.
>> SO MANY PEOPLE STARTED
SENDING THIS TO ME, I DON'T
NORMA LEE WATCH FOX NEWS UNLESS
I'M CURIOUS, SO I WAS SENT THIS,
AND DANA STOOD UP FOR ME AND
SAID THAT WASN'T ROBYN ROBERTS,
THAT WAS GAYLE KING.
SO I EMAILED DANA WHO I DON'T
KNOW.
I GOT HER EMAIL AND I SAID HI,
JUST WANTED TO THANK YOU FOR
LETTING YOUR COLLEAGUES THAT
ROBIN ROBERTS AND I, IT WAS A
GREAT COMPLIMENT BUT THANK YOU
FOR LETTING THEM KNOW THAT WE
ARE TWO DIFFERENT PEOPLE.
AND COULD YOU LET THE REST OF
YOUR COLLEAGUES KNOW THAT ALL
BLACK PEOPLE DO NOT LOOK ALIKE.
COULD YOU PLEASE JUST SHARE
THAT.
YES, I DID.
I SAID THAT TO HER
(APPLAUSE).
>> Stephen: IT'S GOOD TO FLOW.
A GOOD REMINDER.
>> AND DANA WAS SAID IT IS SO
NICE TO MEET YOU.
>> Stephen: SHE WROTE BACK SO
>> DANA SAID LISTEN, YOU KNOW,
WE HAVE A LITTLE JOKE ABOUT T I
HOPE TO MEET HER ONE DAY BECAUSE
I THOUGHT THAT WAS VERY NICE OF
HER TO DO.
BECAUSE THE GUY SAID ROBIN
ROBERTS, GAYLE KING, I JUST
THOUGHT OKAY, ALL RIGHT, IT'S
OKAY.
>> Stephen: YEAH, IT'S NOT
OKAY BUT IT'S OKAY.
>> RIGHT, RIGHT.
>> Stephen: WE HAVE TO TAKE A
LITTLE BIT OF A BREAK.
YOU CAN STICK AROUND, YOU STICK
AROUND BECAUSE WE HAVE A CLIP
FROM TOMORROW NIGHT'S SPECIAL OF
THE INTERVIEW WITH GAYLE AND R.
KELLY THAT YOU DON'T WANT TO
MISS.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK.